feat: KDF performance test 2: keep scrypt but dumb down parameters (#6097)
MetaMask/core: packages/profile-sync-controller/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Dumb down the `N` `scrypt` parameter in order to increase performance on clients
>   - This decreases the impact of the KDF on all clients to around 99%
>   - Add backwards compatible migration logic
>   - Add encryption callbacks so we can measure the impact of future migrations through analytics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- - Reduce the `N` `scrypt` parameter used to compute the encryption key in order to significantly increase performance on clients.
  - The input to the KDF is already a long, high entropy non-user-generated string so it does not make sense to use a KDF with high compute cost.
  - This decreases the impact of the KDF on all clients by around 99%
  - Add backwards compatible migration logic
  - Add encryption callbacks so we can measure the impact of future migrations through analytics
```

Author: I like this! Fixed with [ea7474e](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/6097/commits/ea7474e2f69a4ac072e21e70ecc3aa8e73b42b3e)
